---
date: Last Modified
layout: page.njk
legal: true
meta:
  description: Terms & Conditions for inigochoa.me
  title: Terms & Conditions for inigochoa.me
title: Terms & Conditions
---

# Terms and Conditions

This is my personal website written and edited by me (IÃ±igo Ochoa). Your use of
this website, in any and all forms, constitutes an acceptance of these terms and
policies.

## Terms

By accessing the website at <https://inigochoa.me/>, you are agreeing to be
bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree
that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you
do not agree with any of these terms, you should not use or access this site.
The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright
and trademark laws.

### Accuracy of materials

All content provided is for informational purposes only. The information on this
website is my own and does not necessarily represent the positions, strategies,
or opinions of my employer or its subsidiaries. I make no representations as to
the accuracy or completeness of any information found here or by following any
links. I will not be liable for any errors or omissions in this information nor
for the availability of this information. I will not be liable for any losses,
injuries, or damages from the display or use of this information. I may make
changes to the materials contained on the website at any time without notice.
However, I do not make any commitment to update the materials.

### Modifications

I may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice.
By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of
these terms of service.

### Governing Law

These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of Spain and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
courts in the State of Basque Country.

## License

All original content available at <https://inigochoa.me/> is released under
[MIT] license, unless otherwise noted.

[MIT]: https://github.com/inigochoa/inigochoa.me/blob/main/LICENSE.md
